Starting to document what is supported (#54)
openfoodfacts/openfoodfacts-dart: README.md

Easily access to more than 1.3 million products from all around the world.
Open Food Facts is powered by global contributors and is constantly growing thanks to them.

> The database in under the OdBL. This means attributing the source and also contributing back any additions, which this packages makes easy to do.

Reviewer: Not sure I follow this sentence: "This means attributing the source and also contributing back any additions, which this packages makes easy to do."

Also I think you intended to say "makes it easy to do"

> The database in under the OdBL. This means attributing the source and also contributing back any additions, which this packages makes easy to do.

Author: ```suggestion
The database in under the OdBL. This means attributing the source of the data (Open Food Facts contributors) and also contributing back any additions (new products, data edits…), which this package makes easy to do using the WRITE support.
```

You can check the terms of use here : [Terms of use](https://world.openfoodfacts.org/terms-of-use).

## List of current features
TODO: complete me

> ### READ

Reviewer: Maybe check with @PrimaelQuemerais but I think that most of these can be checked off
- Product: you can retrieve information about products
- Product images: you can fetch product images
- Send images: that you can do

Not sure about the remaining ones.
